README.md, before:

# SoloLevelingReforged

[![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-17-orange)](https://openjdk.java.net/projects/jdk/17/)
[![Minecraft](https://img.shields.io/badge/Minecraft-1.20.1-green)](https://www.minecraft.net/)
[![Forge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Forge-47.4.13+-blue)](https://files.minecraftforge.net/net/minecraftforge/forge/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-All_Rights_Reserved-red)](#license)
[![Languages](https://img.shields.io/badge/Languages-Java_99.5%25-yellow)](#languages)

A comprehensive Minecraft Forge mod that implements a leveling system inspired by the Solo Leveling manhwa, featuring custom weapons, player capabilities, and progression mechanics.

## Table of Contents

- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Development Environment Setup](#development-environment-setup)
- [Project Structure](#project-structure)
- [Building](#building)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Code Style and Conventions](#code-style-and-conventions)
- [Core Systems](#core-systems)
- [System Architecture & Relationships](#system-architecture--relationships)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Asset Creation](#asset-creation)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Dependencies](#dependencies)
- [Build Configuration](#build-configuration)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
- [License](#license)

## Prerequisites

| Component | Version | Notes |
|-----------|---------|-------|
| Java JDK | 17 | Required for development and building |
| Minecraft Forge | 47.4.13+ | Mod loader framework |
| Minecraft | 1.20.1 | Target game version |
| IDE | IntelliJ IDEA (recommended) or Eclipse | Development environment |

## Development Environment Setup

### 1. Clone and Import

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Axtheris/SoloLevelingReforged.git
cd SoloLevelingReforged
```

### 2. IDE Configuration

#### IntelliJ IDEA (Recommended)
1. Open IntelliJ IDEA
2. Select "Open" and navigate to the project directory
3. Select the `build.gradle` file when prompted
4. Wait for Gradle sync to complete

#### Eclipse
1. Run `./gradlew eclipse` to generate Eclipse project files
2. Import the project as an existing Eclipse project

### 3. Authentication Setup (Optional)

For testing with a Minecraft account:

```bash
# Run the setup script
./setup_auth.ps1  # Windows PowerShell
# or
./setup_auth.bat   # Windows Command Prompt
```

This will configure authentication properties for development testing.

## Project Structure

```
src/
├── main/
│   ├── java/net/xelpha/sololevelingreforged/
│   │   ├── commands/           # Custom chat commands
│   │   ├── core/              # Core systems (capabilities, keybindings)
│   │   ├── events/            # Event handlers
│   │   ├── item/              # Custom weapon implementations
│   │   ├── network/           # Network packet handling
│   │   ├── ui/                # UI overlays and screens
│   │   ├── Config.java        # Mod configuration
│   │   ├── ModCreativeTabs.java
│   │   ├── ModItems.java      # Item registry
│   │   ├── ModSounds.java     # Sound registry
│   │   ├── ModToolTiers.java  # Tool material definitions
│   │   └── Sololevelingreforged.java  # Main mod class
│   └── resources/
│       ├── META-INF/
│       │   └── mods.toml      # Mod metadata
│       └── assets/sololevelingreforged/
│           ├── models/        # Item/block models
│           ├── textures/      # Textures
│           └── sounds/        # Sound files
└── generated/
    └── resources/             # Generated assets
```

## Building

### Development Build

```bash
./gradlew build
```

This creates a development JAR in `build/libs/` suitable for testing.

### Clean Build

```bash
./gradlew clean build
```

### IDE Integration

The project includes pre-configured run configurations:

| Configuration | Purpose |
|---------------|---------|
| `client` | Runs Minecraft client with the mod loaded |
| `server` | Runs dedicated Minecraft server with the mod |
| `data` | Generates data files and resources |
| `gameTestServer` | Executes automated game tests |

## Testing

### Client Testing

```bash
./gradlew runClient
```

### Server Testing

```bash
./gradlew runServer
```

### Game Tests

```bash
./gradlew runGameTestServer
```

### Data Generation

```bash
./gradlew runData
```

Generated files will be placed in `src/generated/resources/`.

## Code Style and Conventions

### Java Standards

| Guideline | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| Java Features | Use Java 17 features appropriately |
| Naming | Follow standard Minecraft Forge conventions |
| Variables/Methods | Use descriptive names |
| Documentation | Comment complex logic |

### Package Structure

| Package | Purpose |
|---------|---------|
| `commands/` | Chat command implementations |
| `core/` | Core game mechanics and systems |
| `events/` | Event handlers and listeners |
| `item/` | Custom item implementations |
| `network/` | Network communication |
| `ui/` | User interface components |

### Resource Naming

| Convention | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| File Names | Use snake_case |
| Resources | Follow Minecraft conventions |
| Mod Prefix | Prefix custom resources with mod ID |

## Core Systems

### Capability System
The mod implements player capabilities for leveling and stat tracking:

- Located in `core/CapabilityRegistry.java`
- Data persistence handled by `core/CapabilityStorage.java`
- Player data synced via network packets

### Weapon System
Custom weapons with unique mechanics:

- Base class: `item/SoloLevelingWeaponItem.java`
- Individual implementations in `item/` package
- Tool tiers defined in `ModToolTiers.java`

### Event System
Handles game events and mod integration:

- Experience events in `events/ExperienceEvents.java`
- Client-side events in `events/ClientEvents.java`
- Core mod events in `events/SoloLevelingEvents.java`

### Network System
Handles client-server communication:

- Packet registration in `network/ModNetworkRegistry.java`
- Capability synchronization via `network/SyncCapabilityPacket.java`
- Stat allocation via `network/AllocateStatPacket.java`

### UI System
Custom overlays and screens:

- System overlay in `ui/SystemOverlay.java`
- Console screen in `ui/SystemConsoleScreen.java`
- Overlay registration in `ui/OverlayRegistry.java`

## System Architecture & Relationships

This section explains how different components of the mod interact and depend on each other, helping contributors understand the codebase structure.

### Data Flow Architecture

```
Player Actions → Events → Core Systems → Network → UI Updates
                                      ↓
                                Database/Files
```

### Component Relationships

| Component | Depends On | Used By | Purpose |
|-----------|------------|---------|---------|
| **Events** | Core systems | All systems | Triggers game logic when player actions occur |
| **Core Systems** | Events, Network | Events, UI | Contains game mechanics and business logic |
| **Network** | Core systems | Client/Server sync | Synchronizes data between client and server |
| **UI** | Core systems, Network | Player interaction | Displays game state and accepts player input |
| **Items** | Core systems | Events, Player inventory | Implements custom weapons and tools |
| **Commands** | Core systems | Player/Admin commands | Provides chat-based mod control |

### Key Integration Points

#### Player Leveling System
- **Trigger**: Events detect experience gain (`ExperienceEvents.java`)
- **Logic**: Core systems calculate level progression (`core/` package)
- **Persistence**: Capability system stores player data (`CapabilityRegistry.java`, `CapabilityStorage.java`)
- **Sync**: Network packets update client UI (`SyncCapabilityPacket.java`)
- **Display**: UI shows current stats and progress (`SystemOverlay.java`, stat displays)

#### Weapon Mechanics
- **Definition**: Tool tiers in `ModToolTiers.java` define weapon stats
- **Implementation**: Base weapon class in `item/SoloLevelingWeaponItem.java`
- **Usage**: Events trigger weapon effects when used in combat
- **Balance**: Configuration values in `Config.java` adjust weapon power
- **UI**: Weapon stats displayed in inventory screens

#### Stat Allocation System
- **Interface**: UI tabs (`StatusTab.java`) provide allocation controls
- **Logic**: Core systems validate and apply stat changes
- **Network**: `AllocateStatPacket.java` sends changes to server
- **Persistence**: Capability system saves stat allocations
- **Events**: Game events respond to stat changes (damage calculation, etc.)

### Configuration Impact Map

| Config Setting | Affects These Systems |
|----------------|----------------------|
| Debug logging | All systems (logging output) |
| Balance parameters | Core systems (damage, experience rates) |
| Feature toggles | Events, UI (enable/disable features) |

### Development Workflow

When making changes:

1. **UI Changes**: Start with `ui/` package, then update core logic if needed
2. **New Mechanics**: Begin with events and core systems, then add UI
3. **Network Features**: Implement server-side first, then client sync
4. **Balance Tweaks**: Modify `Config.java` values and test in-game
5. **New Items**: Create in `item/` package, register in `ModItems.java`

### Testing Strategy

| Component | Test Method | Files to Check |
|-----------|-------------|----------------|
| Events | Game tests | `src/test/`, game test server |
| Network | Multiplayer testing | Client + server logs |
| UI | Client testing | Visual verification, user interaction |
| Core Logic | Unit tests + game tests | Debug logs, capability data |
| Items | Creative mode testing | Inventory, tooltips, usage |

### Common Contribution Scenarios

#### Adding a New Stat Type
- **Core Logic**: Add stat definition in `core/` classes
- **Network**: Create/update sync packets in `network/`
- **UI**: Add display in `ui/components/SLStatDisplay.java` and tabs
- **Events**: Update experience calculation if needed
- **Storage**: Extend capability system for persistence

#### Creating a New Weapon
- **Item**: Create weapon class in `item/` extending `SoloLevelingWeaponItem`
- **Registry**: Register in `ModItems.java`
- **Tool Tiers**: Add tier definition in `ModToolTiers.java`
- **Events**: Add weapon-specific effects in events
- **UI**: Update inventory displays and tooltips

#### Adding UI Features
- **UI Components**: Create new component in `ui/components/`
- **UI Tabs**: Add to appropriate tab in `ui/tabs/`
- **Core Integration**: Connect to core systems for data
- **Network**: Add sync if UI affects server state
- **Events**: Add user interaction events

#### Modifying Balance
- **Config**: Update values in `Config.java`
- **Core Logic**: Adjust calculations in core classes
- **Testing**: Verify changes in-game and with game tests

#### Adding Network Features
- **Packets**: Create packet classes in `network/`
- **Registry**: Register in `ModNetworkRegistry.java`
- **Handlers**: Implement client/server handlers
- **Integration**: Connect to core systems and UI

## Configuration

Configuration is handled through Forge's config system in `Config.java`. Settings include:

- Debug logging options
- Balance parameters
- Feature toggles

## Asset Creation

### Models

| Asset Type | Location |
|------------|----------|
| Item Models | `src/main/resources/assets/sololevelingreforged/models/item/` |
| Block Models | `src/main/resources/assets/sololevelingreforged/models/block/` |

### Textures

| Asset Type | Location |
|------------|----------|
| Item Textures | `src/main/resources/assets/sololevelingreforged/textures/item/` |
| GUI Textures | `src/main/resources/assets/sololevelingreforged/textures/gui/` |

### Sounds

| Asset Type | Location |
|------------|----------|
| Sound Definitions | `src/main/resources/assets/sololevelingreforged/sounds.json` |
| Sound Files | `src/main/resources/assets/sololevelingreforged/sounds/` |

## Contributing

### Getting Started for Contributors

Before contributing, familiarize yourself with the [System Architecture & Relationships](#system-architecture--relationships) section above. Understanding how different components interact will help you make appropriate changes and avoid breaking existing functionality.

### Pull Request Process
1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch from `main`
3. Review the [System Architecture](#system-architecture--relationships) to understand component relationships
4. Make your changes following the established patterns
5. Test thoroughly (client, server, and game tests)
6. Submit a pull request with a clear description of what was changed and why

### Code Review Requirements
- All new code must compile without warnings
- Include appropriate unit tests where applicable
- Follow existing code style and patterns
- Update documentation for significant changes
- Test on both client and server environments
- Ensure changes align with the [system architecture](#system-architecture--relationships)

### Testing Requirements
- Verify functionality in single-player
- Test multiplayer compatibility
- Run game tests: `./gradlew runGameTestServer`
- Ensure no crashes or performance issues

### Asset Contributions
- Follow existing naming conventions
- Optimize texture sizes appropriately
- Test models in-game before submitting
- Include source files for complex models

## Dependencies

| Dependency | Version | Purpose |
|------------|---------|---------|
| Minecraft Forge | 47.4.13+ | Mod loading framework |
| Minecraft | 1.20.1 | Game platform |
| Java | 17 | Runtime and development |

## Build Configuration

### Gradle Properties

| Property | Value | Description |
|----------|-------|-------------|
| JVM Args | 3GB heap allocation | Memory allocation for builds |
| Daemon | Disabled | Stability optimization |
| Mappings | Official Mojang | Source code mappings |

### Run Configurations

| Configuration | Setting | Purpose |
|----------------|---------|---------|
| Working Directory | `run/` | Runtime files location |
| Logging Level | Debug | Detailed logging output |
| Game Test Namespaces | Enabled | Test framework support |

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

#### Build Failures
- Ensure Java 17 is properly installed
- Check Gradle wrapper permissions
- Clear Gradle cache: `./gradlew clean`

#### Runtime Issues
- Check `run/logs/debug.log`
- Verify Forge version compatibility
- Test with minimal mod set

#### IDE Issues
- Refresh Gradle project
- Invalidate IDE caches
- Re-import project

### Debug Logging
Enable additional logging in `Config.java` for troubleshooting.

## License

All Rights Reserved

## Version Information

| Component | Version | Status |
|-----------|---------|--------|
| Mod Version | 1.0-SNAPSHOT | Development |
| Minecraft | 1.20.1 | Target platform |
| Forge | 47.4.13+ | Minimum required |

Commit message:

Enhance System Inventory UI with new tooltip support, improved item withdrawal functionality, and refined layout adjustments. Add asset credits to README for community contributions. Implement new color mappings for item rarity in UIColors.

README.md, after:

# SoloLevelingReforged

[![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-17-orange)](https://openjdk.java.net/projects/jdk/17/)
[![Minecraft](https://img.shields.io/badge/Minecraft-1.20.1-green)](https://www.minecraft.net/)
[![Forge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Forge-47.4.13+-blue)](https://files.minecraftforge.net/net/minecraftforge/forge/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-All_Rights_Reserved-red)](#license)
[![Languages](https://img.shields.io/badge/Languages-Java_99.5%25-yellow)](#languages)

A comprehensive Minecraft Forge mod that implements a leveling system inspired by the Solo Leveling manhwa, featuring custom weapons, player capabilities, and progression mechanics.

## Table of Contents

- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Development Environment Setup](#development-environment-setup)
- [Project Structure](#project-structure)
- [Building](#building)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Code Style and Conventions](#code-style-and-conventions)
- [Core Systems](#core-systems)
- [System Architecture & Relationships](#system-architecture--relationships)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Asset Creation](#asset-creation)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Dependencies](#dependencies)
- [Build Configuration](#build-configuration)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
- [License](#license)

## Prerequisites

| Component | Version | Notes |
|-----------|---------|-------|
| Java JDK | 17 | Required for development and building |
| Minecraft Forge | 47.4.13+ | Mod loader framework |
| Minecraft | 1.20.1 | Target game version |
| IDE | IntelliJ IDEA (recommended) or Eclipse | Development environment |

## Development Environment Setup

### 1. Clone and Import

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Axtheris/SoloLevelingReforged.git
cd SoloLevelingReforged
```

### 2. IDE Configuration

#### IntelliJ IDEA (Recommended)
1. Open IntelliJ IDEA
2. Select "Open" and navigate to the project directory
3. Select the `build.gradle` file when prompted
4. Wait for Gradle sync to complete

#### Eclipse
1. Run `./gradlew eclipse` to generate Eclipse project files
2. Import the project as an existing Eclipse project

### 3. Authentication Setup (Optional)

For testing with a Minecraft account:

```bash
# Run the setup script
./setup_auth.ps1  # Windows PowerShell
# or
./setup_auth.bat   # Windows Command Prompt
```

This will configure authentication properties for development testing.

## Project Structure

```
src/
├── main/
│   ├── java/net/xelpha/sololevelingreforged/
│   │   ├── commands/           # Custom chat commands
│   │   ├── core/              # Core systems (capabilities, keybindings)
│   │   ├── events/            # Event handlers
│   │   ├── item/              # Custom weapon implementations
│   │   ├── network/           # Network packet handling
│   │   ├── ui/                # UI overlays and screens
│   │   ├── Config.java        # Mod configuration
│   │   ├── ModCreativeTabs.java
│   │   ├── ModItems.java      # Item registry
│   │   ├── ModSounds.java     # Sound registry
│   │   ├── ModToolTiers.java  # Tool material definitions
│   │   └── Sololevelingreforged.java  # Main mod class
│   └── resources/
│       ├── META-INF/
│       │   └── mods.toml      # Mod metadata
│       └── assets/sololevelingreforged/
│           ├── models/        # Item/block models
│           ├── textures/      # Textures
│           └── sounds/        # Sound files
└── generated/
    └── resources/             # Generated assets
```

## Building

### Development Build

```bash
./gradlew build
```

This creates a development JAR in `build/libs/` suitable for testing.

### Clean Build

```bash
./gradlew clean build
```

### IDE Integration

The project includes pre-configured run configurations:

| Configuration | Purpose |
|---------------|---------|
| `client` | Runs Minecraft client with the mod loaded |
| `server` | Runs dedicated Minecraft server with the mod |
| `data` | Generates data files and resources |
| `gameTestServer` | Executes automated game tests |

## Testing

### Client Testing

```bash
./gradlew runClient
```

### Server Testing

```bash
./gradlew runServer
```

### Game Tests

```bash
./gradlew runGameTestServer
```

### Data Generation

```bash
./gradlew runData
```

Generated files will be placed in `src/generated/resources/`.

## Code Style and Conventions

### Java Standards

| Guideline | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| Java Features | Use Java 17 features appropriately |
| Naming | Follow standard Minecraft Forge conventions |
| Variables/Methods | Use descriptive names |
| Documentation | Comment complex logic |

### Package Structure

| Package | Purpose |
|---------|---------|
| `commands/` | Chat command implementations |
| `core/` | Core game mechanics and systems |
| `events/` | Event handlers and listeners |
| `item/` | Custom item implementations |
| `network/` | Network communication |
| `ui/` | User interface components |

### Resource Naming

| Convention | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| File Names | Use snake_case |
| Resources | Follow Minecraft conventions |
| Mod Prefix | Prefix custom resources with mod ID |

## Core Systems

### Capability System
The mod implements player capabilities for leveling and stat tracking:

- Located in `core/CapabilityRegistry.java`
- Data persistence handled by `core/CapabilityStorage.java`
- Player data synced via network packets

### Weapon System
Custom weapons with unique mechanics:

- Base class: `item/SoloLevelingWeaponItem.java`
- Individual implementations in `item/` package
- Tool tiers defined in `ModToolTiers.java`

### Event System
Handles game events and mod integration:

- Experience events in `events/ExperienceEvents.java`
- Client-side events in `events/ClientEvents.java`
- Core mod events in `events/SoloLevelingEvents.java`

### Network System
Handles client-server communication:

- Packet registration in `network/ModNetworkRegistry.java`
- Capability synchronization via `network/SyncCapabilityPacket.java`
- Stat allocation via `network/AllocateStatPacket.java`

### UI System
Custom overlays and screens:

- System overlay in `ui/SystemOverlay.java`
- Console screen in `ui/SystemConsoleScreen.java`
- Overlay registration in `ui/OverlayRegistry.java`

## System Architecture & Relationships

This section explains how different components of the mod interact and depend on each other, helping contributors understand the codebase structure.

### Data Flow Architecture

```
Player Actions → Events → Core Systems → Network → UI Updates
                                      ↓
                                Database/Files
```

### Component Relationships

| Component | Depends On | Used By | Purpose |
|-----------|------------|---------|---------|
| **Events** | Core systems | All systems | Triggers game logic when player actions occur |
| **Core Systems** | Events, Network | Events, UI | Contains game mechanics and business logic |
| **Network** | Core systems | Client/Server sync | Synchronizes data between client and server |
| **UI** | Core systems, Network | Player interaction | Displays game state and accepts player input |
| **Items** | Core systems | Events, Player inventory | Implements custom weapons and tools |
| **Commands** | Core systems | Player/Admin commands | Provides chat-based mod control |

### Key Integration Points

#### Player Leveling System
- **Trigger**: Events detect experience gain (`ExperienceEvents.java`)
- **Logic**: Core systems calculate level progression (`core/` package)
- **Persistence**: Capability system stores player data (`CapabilityRegistry.java`, `CapabilityStorage.java`)
- **Sync**: Network packets update client UI (`SyncCapabilityPacket.java`)
- **Display**: UI shows current stats and progress (`SystemOverlay.java`, stat displays)

#### Weapon Mechanics
- **Definition**: Tool tiers in `ModToolTiers.java` define weapon stats
- **Implementation**: Base weapon class in `item/SoloLevelingWeaponItem.java`
- **Usage**: Events trigger weapon effects when used in combat
- **Balance**: Configuration values in `Config.java` adjust weapon power
- **UI**: Weapon stats displayed in inventory screens

#### Stat Allocation System
- **Interface**: UI tabs (`StatusTab.java`) provide allocation controls
- **Logic**: Core systems validate and apply stat changes
- **Network**: `AllocateStatPacket.java` sends changes to server
- **Persistence**: Capability system saves stat allocations
- **Events**: Game events respond to stat changes (damage calculation, etc.)

### Configuration Impact Map

| Config Setting | Affects These Systems |
|----------------|----------------------|
| Debug logging | All systems (logging output) |
| Balance parameters | Core systems (damage, experience rates) |
| Feature toggles | Events, UI (enable/disable features) |

### Development Workflow

When making changes:

1. **UI Changes**: Start with `ui/` package, then update core logic if needed
2. **New Mechanics**: Begin with events and core systems, then add UI
3. **Network Features**: Implement server-side first, then client sync
4. **Balance Tweaks**: Modify `Config.java` values and test in-game
5. **New Items**: Create in `item/` package, register in `ModItems.java`

### Testing Strategy

| Component | Test Method | Files to Check |
|-----------|-------------|----------------|
| Events | Game tests | `src/test/`, game test server |
| Network | Multiplayer testing | Client + server logs |
| UI | Client testing | Visual verification, user interaction |
| Core Logic | Unit tests + game tests | Debug logs, capability data |
| Items | Creative mode testing | Inventory, tooltips, usage |

### Common Contribution Scenarios

#### Adding a New Stat Type
- **Core Logic**: Add stat definition in `core/` classes
- **Network**: Create/update sync packets in `network/`
- **UI**: Add display in `ui/components/SLStatDisplay.java` and tabs
- **Events**: Update experience calculation if needed
- **Storage**: Extend capability system for persistence

#### Creating a New Weapon
- **Item**: Create weapon class in `item/` extending `SoloLevelingWeaponItem`
- **Registry**: Register in `ModItems.java`
- **Tool Tiers**: Add tier definition in `ModToolTiers.java`
- **Events**: Add weapon-specific effects in events
- **UI**: Update inventory displays and tooltips

#### Adding UI Features
- **UI Components**: Create new component in `ui/components/`
- **UI Tabs**: Add to appropriate tab in `ui/tabs/`
- **Core Integration**: Connect to core systems for data
- **Network**: Add sync if UI affects server state
- **Events**: Add user interaction events

#### Modifying Balance
- **Config**: Update values in `Config.java`
- **Core Logic**: Adjust calculations in core classes
- **Testing**: Verify changes in-game and with game tests

#### Adding Network Features
- **Packets**: Create packet classes in `network/`
- **Registry**: Register in `ModNetworkRegistry.java`
- **Handlers**: Implement client/server handlers
- **Integration**: Connect to core systems and UI

## Configuration

Configuration is handled through Forge's config system in `Config.java`. Settings include:

- Debug logging options
- Balance parameters
- Feature toggles

## Asset Creation

### Models

| Asset Type | Location |
|------------|----------|
| Item Models | `src/main/resources/assets/sololevelingreforged/models/item/` |
| Block Models | `src/main/resources/assets/sololevelingreforged/models/block/` |

### Textures

| Asset Type | Location |
|------------|----------|
| Item Textures | `src/main/resources/assets/sololevelingreforged/textures/item/` |
| GUI Textures | `src/main/resources/assets/sololevelingreforged/textures/gui/` |

### Sounds

| Asset Type | Location |
|------------|----------|
| Sound Definitions | `src/main/resources/assets/sololevelingreforged/sounds.json` |
| Sound Files | `src/main/resources/assets/sololevelingreforged/sounds/` |

## Contributing

### Getting Started for Contributors

Before contributing, familiarize yourself with the [System Architecture & Relationships](#system-architecture--relationships) section above. Understanding how different components interact will help you make appropriate changes and avoid breaking existing functionality.

### Pull Request Process
1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch from `main`
3. Review the [System Architecture](#system-architecture--relationships) to understand component relationships
4. Make your changes following the established patterns
5. Test thoroughly (client, server, and game tests)
6. Submit a pull request with a clear description of what was changed and why

### Code Review Requirements
- All new code must compile without warnings
- Include appropriate unit tests where applicable
- Follow existing code style and patterns
- Update documentation for significant changes
- Test on both client and server environments
- Ensure changes align with the [system architecture](#system-architecture--relationships)

### Testing Requirements
- Verify functionality in single-player
- Test multiplayer compatibility
- Run game tests: `./gradlew runGameTestServer`
- Ensure no crashes or performance issues

### Asset Contributions
- Follow existing naming conventions
- Optimize texture sizes appropriately
- Test models in-game before submitting
- Include source files for complex models

## Dependencies

| Dependency | Version | Purpose |
|------------|---------|---------|
| Minecraft Forge | 47.4.13+ | Mod loading framework |
| Minecraft | 1.20.1 | Game platform |
| Java | 17 | Runtime and development |

## Build Configuration

### Gradle Properties

| Property | Value | Description |
|----------|-------|-------------|
| JVM Args | 3GB heap allocation | Memory allocation for builds |
| Daemon | Disabled | Stability optimization |
| Mappings | Official Mojang | Source code mappings |

### Run Configurations

| Configuration | Setting | Purpose |
|----------------|---------|---------|
| Working Directory | `run/` | Runtime files location |
| Logging Level | Debug | Detailed logging output |
| Game Test Namespaces | Enabled | Test framework support |

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

#### Build Failures
- Ensure Java 17 is properly installed
- Check Gradle wrapper permissions
- Clear Gradle cache: `./gradlew clean`

#### Runtime Issues
- Check `run/logs/debug.log`
- Verify Forge version compatibility
- Test with minimal mod set

#### IDE Issues
- Refresh Gradle project
- Invalidate IDE caches
- Re-import project

### Debug Logging
Enable additional logging in `Config.java` for troubleshooting.

## Credits and Acknowledgments

### Asset Credits
Currently, we are borrowing assets from:

**Zerotekz** - Solo Leveling Arsenal Resourcepack
- Creator: Zerotekz
- Link: https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/solo-leveling-arsenal

We appreciate the amazing work done by the Minecraft resourcepack community that helps bring our mod to life visually.

## License

All Rights Reserved

## Version Information

| Component | Version | Status |
|-----------|---------|--------|
| Mod Version | 1.0-SNAPSHOT | Development |
| Minecraft | 1.20.1 | Target platform |
| Forge | 47.4.13+ | Minimum required |
